Meeting-notes.md, before:

# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting dd.mm.2021 HH::MM

**Participants**: 
1. Member 1
2. Member 2
3. Member 3
4. Member 4 

## Summary of works
1. Member 1 
   
   Implementing the class XX. Tested the class XX. 
   Results are in `tests/<class-xx-tests>`. Resolved the identified problems.

2. Member 2

   Same as above

3. ...

## Challenges

1. The integration of UI with the monsters requires an abstract interface.
2. ...

## Actions
1. Member 1 is going to look into defining an abstract interface for monsters 
   to enable easy UI integration.
2. Member 2 is going to work with Member 1 to use abstract interface in derived 
   monster classes.
3. Member 2 is going to test the interface.
4. Member 3 is going to use ...

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Short summary of current project status. 

### TODOs
1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...

Commit message:

add project plan and first meeting notes

Meeting-notes.md, after:

# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting 30.10.2023 18:00–20:00

**Participants**: 
1. Henri
2. Matias
3. Lauri
4. Daniil 

## Summary of works
* The group: 
   * Start of the week inital contact of the group. Created project repository, teams for sharing files and work, and telegram channel for quick communication. 

1. Henri: Project planning 

2. Matias: Project plan 

3. Lauri: Project plan 

4. Daniil: Project plan

## Challenges

* The full structure of the project was a bit unclear so making a detailed plan had some challenges 
   * If somethig in the plan, for example structure of the classes, doesn’t make sense the plan can be updated. 

## Actions
1. Henri: Setup CMake for the project, start with the core game logic 

2. Matias: Set up basic start window, start coding the dungeon class 

3. Daniel: Create basic skeleton for character class 

4. Lauri: Setup structure for item class 

## Project status 
The initial planning of the project is done, this week the development of the game will start.

### TODOs
1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...
